DOCS-821: Add Power Sensor Component (#1766)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/components/apis/power-sensor.md

Method Name | Description
----------- | -----------
[`GetCurrent`](/components/power-sensor/#getcurrent) | Return the current of a specified device and whether it is AC or DC.
[`GetVoltage`](/components/power-sensor/#getvoltage) | Return the voltage of a specified device and whether it is AC or DC.

> [`GetPower`](/components/power-sensor/#getpower) | Return the power consumption of a specified device in robot's system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`GetPower`](/components/power-sensor/#getpower) | Return the power consumption of a specified device in watts.
```
